add metadata in attributes and static_attributes test cases and process metadata jexl expressions (#1601)
telefonicaid/iotagent-node-lib: doc/api.md

-   `subservice`: device subservice
-   `staticAttributes`: static attributes defined in the device or config group

> Additionally, for attribute expressions (`expression`, `entity_name`) , `entityNameExp` andmetadata expressions
> (`expression`) measures are avaiable in the **context** used to evaluate them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, for attribute expressions (`expression`, `entity_name`), `entityNameExp` and metadata expressions
(`expression`) measures are available in the **context** used to evaluate them.
```
